The Web and Internet in whole is an increasingly important resource in many aspects of our life which includes: education, employment, government, commerce, health care, recreation, and more. It is important that the Web be accessible to everyone in order to provide equal access and equal opportunity to people with disabilities. An accessible Web can help people with disabilities participate more actively in society.
As a web developer we have faced a lot of problems in implementing Web Accessibility, So we checked if it was same with others also, We conducted a survey among front-end developers, more than 50% developers is having a tough time implementing the same, also 35% of the developers doesn’t even know what actually ‘WCAG’ (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) are. And it was during the survey that candidate developers asked us about web developers.
Since this was a serious issue, we analyzed all the existing solutions to the issue, identified the problems that persist in existing systems, Conformer Dev is our mere attempt to solve those problems.
It’s important to remember that it’s not just beginners or inexperienced Internet users that benefit from accessible design, but also people with varying visual, mobility, hearing, and intellectual abilities.
Also an accessible website is often the one of the easiest ways to do business with many people with disabilities, for instance, people who cannot read print material, people who have difficulty going to a physical store or mall, and others. An accessible website gives access to information and interaction for many people with disabilities. Accessibility is a part of the design process focused on the user experience, making websites usable by the widest range of people.
People with various abilities clearly face various challenges when accessing the Internet. People who experience visual impairments may face challenges due to a lack of compatibility of Web content with the screen reader they use, a software application that provides computer-synthesized speech output of items appearing on the screen, as well as equivalent text provided in the back-end code. Screen readers usually have issues when designers fail to place appropriate text tags on links, graphics, tables, or forms. For people who have hearing impairments, a lack of textual equivalents of audio content can many times cut out entire portions of content from a site and interactive Web chats and additional conferencing features might be entirely impossible. People who experience communication and speech impairments may also be excluded from interactive Web chats and other conferencing features. For people with cognitive impairments such as dementia, autism, or traumatic brain injury - problems with layout, design, and navigability make the difference between the ability to use a site or not. People with specific forms of learning disabilities might face the same barriers as those with visual impairments, or people with cognitive impairments. A person's experiences with the Internet many times vary depending upon the form of disability they experience. The same web site often offers opportunities for one group while excluding another entirely. A student who uses a wheelchair might find that the ability to take online educational courses makes the educational process easier for them. Yet if the course web site is not designed to be accessible for students who experience limited hand mobility - participation in the course might be limited, or even impossible.
In the same way, a web-enabled mobile device with a touch screen might appear miraculous to a person with a hearing impairment, yet be a nightmare for a person with a visual impairment if it is not designed to provide alternative methods for interacting with it. The Internet and the technologies related to it present a complex series of issues for people with disabilities, not only as an overall population, but as separate populations within the whole related to the specific disabilities people experience.While the range of potential barriers to people who experience disabilities in the online environment is extensive, there are ways to develop and implement technologies so they are included. 
We hope Conformer Dev can help developers to make their creations accessible for everyone.


Conformer Dev is a Comprehensive tool for Web Accessibility. Conformer Dev addressed all the above mentioned issues with the existing systems. Basically it is a web application where developers can sign up and Add their projects which can be connected to their GitHub repository, which can be cloned from their repository whenever needed. In other words, No more uploads. But if the developer indents to do so, a web based file manager is also included in the project. 

Fig: Conformer Dev Logo
Each file in the project can be evaluated against Accessibility Issues and Static HTML Validation issues. All the issues can be easily addressed with a help search engine which searches the issue with similar forum pages who had faced the same issue and how they solved it.
Conformer Dev is built for Developers, who are interested in Quick Access to information. We built a custom dashboard where developers can understand which accessibility issues they are having a hard time with. Also there are numerous graphs, charts and plots which can deliver a lot of information about themselves at a glance.


1.4.1 OBJECTIVES
Conformer Dev is built with keeping some important objectives in mind.
Every individual should have equal access to the world wide web
Equipp developers to serve their content to differently abled people.
Point out the areas where developers lack their skill in implementing web accessibility
Conformer Dev teams aims to make Internet an accessible space where there are nothing which can’t be read by a screen reader, where there is no blackout contrasts 


1.4.2 ACHIEVEMENTS
Implementing our plan was a tedious task, we had to look over different programming conventions and naming conventions. As part of our Release candidate we gave our RC to the same developers who we sampled as part of the survey, we got a very positive response. We were able to achieve very robust results in very less time. Also the graphs and plot modelled large amounts of code validations accurately. 

We look forward to a bright future for Conformer Dev, we plan to host this as a Software as a Service (SaaS) on the Internet after analyzing the technical and economic feasibility.

